Add BigQuery OAuth Docs (#529)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-your-database.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/bigquery-connection.png" title="A valid BigQuery connection"/>

### BigQuery OAuth
**Available in:** Development environments, Enterprise plans only

The OAuth auth method permits dbt Cloud to run development queries on behalf of

> a BigQuery user without the configuration of BigQuery password in dbt Cloud. For

Reviewer: I like the idea here, but i think this line might be confusing to bigquery users since there is no notion of a "password" in bigquery! What do you think about saying "service account" here instead? It's not 100% true (you still do need to upload a keyfile) but it's _mostly_ and maybe less confusing? Take it or leave it!

```suggestion
a BigQuery user without the configuration of BigQuery service account keyfile in dbt Cloud. For
```

more information on the initial configuration of a BigQuery OAuth connection in dbt Cloud, please see
[the docs on setting up BigQuery OAuth](cloud-setting-up-bigquery-oauth).

> As an end user, you can connect via OAuth by clicking the Edit button in your BigQuery Connection page, and adding your Client ID and Secret for the connection. You'll need that Client ID and Secret specifically from BigQuery to set up this connection - discuss with your database administrator how to go about getting those for your organization.

Reviewer: Whoa! I don't think this is accurate - end-users don't need to specify their own client IDs and client secrets! I think the thing to say here is that end-users can integrate their Cloud user with their BigQuery user by navigating to their dbt Cloud Profile page, selecting the relevant project in the "Credentials" nav, and then clicking the button to log in with BigQuery!

Author: Yeah, this was a misunderstanding on my side as to how Enterprise organizations would be navigating this setup!  Fixed in the incoming commit
